Chapter 08-01 updates (#7)
bigbrett/wolfHSM-docs: src/chapter08-porting-wolfHSM.md

- Client Library: This library can be linked against user applications to facilitate communication with the server

# Ports

## Infineon Aurix TC3XX

(Port in progress)
The distribution of this  port is restricted by the vendor.  Please contact support@wolfssl.com for access. 

Infineon Aurix TC3xx
- Up to 6x 300MHz TriCore application cores
- 1x 100MHz ARM Cortex M3 HSM core
- Crypto offload: TRNG, AES128, ECDSA, ED25519, SHA

## ST SPC58NN

(Port in progress)
The distribution of this  port is restricted by the vendor.  Please contact support@wolfssl.com for access. 

ST SPC58NN
- 3x 200MHz e200z4256 PowerPC application cores
- 1x 100MHz e200z0 PowerPC HSM core with NVM
- Crypto offload: TRNG, AES128

## Posix

The Posix port provides multiple and fully functional implementations of different wolfHSM abstractions that can be used to better understand the exact functionality expected for different hardware abstractions.

The Posix port provides:
- Memory buffer transport
- TCP transport
- Unix domain transport

> - NVM device (using a filesystem)
> - Flash device (using a file as a backing store)

Reviewer: I'd consolidate these two into one.
```suggestion
- RAM-based and file-based NVM flash simulators
```

or something like that

## Skeleton 

The Skeleton port source code provides a non-functioning layout to be used as a starting point for future hardware/platform ports.  Each function provides the basic description and expected flow with error cases explained so that ports can be used interchangeably with consistent results.

> The Skeleton  port provides implementations of:
> - Transport 
> - NVM Device
> - Flash Device
> - Crytp Device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Skeleton port provides stub implementations of:
- Transport callbacks
- NVM Flash callbacks
- Crypto callbacks
```

# WolfHSM Porting Interface

## WolfHSM Porting Interface Explained 

> When porting WolfHSM into a new platform or ours, you will need to implement some hardware-specific interfaces. We can provide helper functions for flash-like devices. You will need to provide (read, erase, program, blank check, etc.). Our library will likely work on top of it. We can then provide the object layer on top of that. You will also need to provide crypto hardware interfaces like TRNG, Keys, and symmetric/asymmetric crypto. From a platform interface perspective, you will have to understand your system's boot sequence and how the application cores get reset or marked to boot off of it at a specific start location. You may also need to control shared memory locations and memory translation units. The configuration you want to select is selected at compile time rather than link time. In your code, you select which libraries you want to use; here's the config of the libraries, and then work that at compile time, which is an AUTOSAR requirement. 

Reviewer: The wording of this paragraph is a little confusing, and is a little redundant, I might say just omit it

## WolfHSM Porting Interface

Ports must implement hardware-specific interfaces:
- Non-volatile memory
- Flash-like devices (read, erase, program, blankcheck, etc)

> 

Reviewer: You might be a little confused here: flash is a type of non-volatile memory. wolfHSM has a generic NVM layer that can be configured to use different NVM providers/implementations. One of those providers (the only one baked into wolfHSM at the time of writing) is an NVM flash implementation, which itself is a generic layer that relies on the underlying flash imlementation to be provided be the user (e.g. the actual hardware-specific driver code that reads/writes/erases for that specific flash chip). So I'd just say "NVM flash" interface is what needs to be implemented by the user.

/* Specify implementation-dependent configuration */
posixFlashFileConfig pff_cfg[1] = {{
	.filename       = “my_flash_file.bin”,
	.partition_size = 16384,
	.erased_byte    = 0xFF,
}};

/* Connect NVM Flash layer to this PFF instance */
const whNvmFlashConfig nvm_flash_config[1] = {{
	.cb      = pff_cb,
	.context = (void*)pff_context,
	.config  = (const void*)pff_config,
}};
```

# WolfHSM Posix Porting Example

## General Steps for Porting Configuration 

## Porting Configuration Example

# WolfHSM Porting Skeleton 

## General Steps for Porting Configuration 

## Porting Configuration Example

# WolfHSM Porting Infineon Aurix TC3xx

## General Steps for Porting Configuration 

## Porting Configuration Example

# WolfHSM Porting ST SPC58NN

## General Steps for Porting Configuration 

## Porting Configuration Example

# Summary

* Each of the implemented port-specific code and resources are kept in port directories organized first by platform vendor and possibly further by product.  Each of the ports is expected to provide the glue logic between wolfHSM abstractions (transport, NVM objects, flash, and cryptocb) and the native or vendor-provided libraries.

> Due to the sensitive nature of some platform code, not all of the source and glue logic can be provided in this public repo, but the base directories of these ports are listed here with any public interfaces that can be provided and additional contact information.

Reviewer: I'd nix all this. It doesn't make sense to talk about the existing ports that we have, since users will not need to do any work to port to this platform. This guide was more meant to explain how to port to a platform that we don't already have a port for. It is probably appropriate to just point to the POSIX port for examples of how you do all the port stuff. If you want you can walk them through how it works, but probably overkill for now.
